Prepare yourselves.
c0000001
You're next.
c0000002
And I won't fail
at getting my revenge.
c0000003
[ISKA]
Alice?
c0000004
Uh?
c0000005
[panting]
c0000006
You're alive.
c0000007
[fire crackling]
c0000008
Iska?
c0000009
That's right.
c0000010
[whimpers]
c0000011
Of all the times
to make an appearance.
c0000012
Why do you have to show up now?
c0000013
We were rivals, but...
c0000014
[sobs]
We can't call ourselves that.
c0000015
Not anymore.
c0000016
Why not?
c0000017
What does that even mean, huh?
c0000018
Never mind.
It's Sisbell.
c0000019
-She's been--
-[ALICE] I told you to stay
c0000020
-at the vacation house!
-Wha...?
c0000021
I need you
to pay attention, here!
c0000022
Your sister,
she's been kidnapped!
c0000023
Vichyssoise escaped.
c0000024
She destroyed
Lou's vacation house!
c0000025
[ALICE]
She was kidnapped?
c0000026
She was! I'm here
because I was chasing her!
c0000027
Are you being honest?
c0000028
Even if I wanted
to believe you, I just can't.
c0000029
Because you work
for the Empire.
c0000030
And I am the queen's daughter,
c0000031
the princess in line
to take the throne.
c0000032
You're saying Sisbell
was kidnapped, right?
c0000033
Well, that sounds like
the Empire.
c0000034
not like Vichyssoise.
c0000035
You seem to know a lot,
c0000036
are you sure
you're not in on this?
c0000037
[ISKA]
No, that's not...
c0000038
What's gotten into you?
c0000039
You can't be trusted!
c0000040
You're an Imperial soldier,
Iska!
c0000041
[grunts]
c0000042
I was standing right there.
c0000043
Elletear and Mother
were struck down,
c0000044
and there was nothing
I could do to save them.
c0000045
By a Saint Disciple, like you!
c0000046
Huh?
c0000047
Really?
c0000048
Stop. There's no
coming back from this.
c0000049
My family
and my subordinates were hurt.
c0000050
[ALICE]
I'm crying.
c0000051
There are tears streaming
down my face, but why?
c0000052
Is it because harm
has befallen my family?
c0000053
Or because...
c0000054
I am the second princess
of the Nebulis Sovereignty,
c0000055
Aliceliese.
c0000056
And I will destroy the Empire.
c0000057
Even if it means you fall.
c0000058
Alice.
c0000059
[ALICE]
Why? Just why?
c0000060
[crying]
It's not fair!
c0000061
This isn't how I wanted
our rivalry to play out,
c0000062
not like this!
c0000063
[crying]
c0000064
[ALICE]
Oh.
c0000065
Now, I get it.
c0000066
There's probably
a good reason I'm crying.
c0000067
I wanted to forget about
the tension between
c0000068
the Empire
and the Sovereignty,
c0000069
and watch our own
crusade play out.
c0000070
At least, that was my hope.
c0000071
[whooshing]
c0000072
Saint Disciple Iska.
c0000073
This is my declaration of war.
c0000074
We're at war?
c0000075
Alice, please!
Now's not the time!
c0000076
You're wrong.
c0000077
It has to be now.
c0000078
You think I wanted to do this?
c0000079
[ice breaks]
c0000080
This is how
it has to end, here.
c0000081
-Whether we want it to or not!
-[gasps]
c0000082
Huh?
[swords clang]
c0000083
[SALINGER]
Oh?
c0000084
She is a shining beacon
of astral brilliance.
c0000085
I shouldn't be surprised.
c0000086
She is Second Princess
Aliceliese.
c0000087
That's Milla's daughter,
there's no denying it.
c0000088
And there's that
Imperial swordsman again.
c0000089
I don't understand.
c0000090
Why is this swordsman
still puttering around
c0000091
in the Sovereignty?
c0000092
He doesn't matter, though.
c0000093
-Aliceliese.
-[wind gusting]
c0000094
I can't imagine the apple
fell far from the tree.
c0000095
You're convinced
the Empire is behind this.
c0000096
The attacks
and the kidnapping.
c0000097
That's it, isn't it?
c0000098
[deep sigh]
c0000099
History on repeat.
c0000100
What a strange
and fateful destiny this is.
c0000101
[groans]
c0000102
[MILLAVAIR]
Salinger.
c0000103
I must say,
you are astonishingly fit.
c0000104
Does that mean
you're not too bright?
c0000105
Huh?
c0000106
[MILLAVAIR]
Here you lie at my feet,
c0000107
a heinous criminal
who stole more than
c0000108
one-hundred astral spirits
in the Sovereignty.
c0000109
But that wasn't enough,
so you're after mine as well.
c0000110
You deserve to be
executed now.
c0000111
Right here,
without trial nor jury.
c0000112
[slurps]
c0000113
However, this crusade
really was quite refreshing.
c0000114
And as such, I will spare
your life once again.
c0000115
[SALINGER]
That's her?
c0000116
She's next in line to be queen?
c0000117
[groans]
c0000118
[battle grunts]
c0000119
[groans]
c0000120
[MILLAVAIR]
Salinger.
c0000121
What was that?
c0000122
I thought brute force
was your whole thing?
c0000123
What will you do now?
c0000124
-[grunts]
-[electricity crackling]
c0000125
[whooshing]
c0000126
[screams]
c0000127
Oh, that's it?
c0000128
Your astral art is sloppy,
to say the least.
c0000129
[SALINGER] The strongest
contender for queen.
c0000130
Millavair Lou Nebulis VIII.
c0000131
She was an emotionless
fighting machine.
c0000132
At least, that had been
my impression.
c0000133
Until that day.
c0000134
That's when I started
to see the real Milla.
c0000135
Salinger?
c0000136
Hm.
c0000137
No, it's you!
c0000138
[laughs]
c0000139
Hey, what's so funny?
c0000140
Make it stop,
you're killing me!
c0000141
This might be the closest
c0000142
you've come to actually
beating me!
c0000143
[laughter]
c0000144
Wait, what?
c0000145
No, stop, please!
c0000146
Big, buff Salinger,
c0000147
walking down the street
c0000148
with a couple of grocery bags
in his hands!
c0000149
[laughs]
c0000150
"You! Get ready,
because today is the day
c0000151
you kneel before me!"
c0000152
The same guy
who barks that at me
c0000153
with a straight face
gets in line
c0000154
to check-out
with all the ladies.
c0000155
The thought of you
standing there with them
c0000156
is too much to bear!
c0000157
[laughs]
c0000158
Help!
My ribs are breaking!
c0000159
Fine, you win, all right?
c0000160
[laugh continues]
c0000161
Hey. Milla!
c0000162
[bag rustles]
c0000163
[laughing]
Huh. Hang on.
c0000164
You even managed
to get some discounted meat?
c0000165
I'm surprised
you have any limbs left
c0000166
after fending off those
cut-throat mommies!
c0000167
[laughing]
c0000168
Shut up!
c0000169
[laugh continues]
c0000170
[SALINGER] The combat doll's
capable of laughing, too.
c0000171
[electricity crackles]
c0000172
Even after our encounter
in the city,
c0000173
our repartee on the battlefield
stayed the same.
c0000174
Discovering her sense of humor
wouldn't stop me.
c0000175
I kept challenging her
as usual.
c0000176
But when did I start
feeling this way?
c0000177
These weren't
just fights anymore.
c0000178
I was actually starting
to grow fond of them.
c0000179
What gives?
c0000180
Why do you keep
repeating the same moves on me?
c0000181
You're consistent,
I'll give you that.
c0000182
[sighs]
c0000183
[SALINGER] As I'd lie there,
broken and defeated,
c0000184
deep down, I'd find myself
c0000185
wishing our relationship
would never end. [chuckles]
c0000186
Unfortunately,
on that fateful night,
c0000187
everything fell apart.
c0000188
Her majesty has been slain.
c0000189
[gasps]
c0000190
Salinger!
c0000191
Was it...?
c0000192
Was it you?
c0000193
Answer me!
c0000194
Did you strike down the queen?
c0000195
♪
c0000196
[crying]
c0000197
Don't just stand there!
c0000198
Salinger!
c0000199
Why would you do this?
c0000200
Tell me!
c0000201
How could you do
something so vile?
c0000202
♪
c0000203
All this time, I thought
you were only my rival,
c0000204
that's it.
c0000205
And despite our circumstances,
c0000206
well, I, I enjoyed our time.
c0000207
Now this?
c0000208
Why did you have to ruin it!
c0000209
♪
c0000210
Uh. All this rage.
c0000211
I just,
c0000212
I wanted to keep what we had.
c0000213
But now, I must fight you
like a proper enemy!
c0000214
[SALINGER]
How ridiculous.
c0000215
Nothing has changed
in this world.
c0000216
Thirty-seven years ago,
c0000217
Hydra was behind
the assassination.
c0000218
Just as they are right now!
c0000219
You two shouldn't be
wrapped up in this.
c0000220
The grudges, the betrayal,
c0000221
you're too good
for these old tropes.
c0000222
The dynamic is nothing new.
c0000223
You should've seen
this tragedy coming like
c0000224
a storm sweeping the horizon.
c0000225
What a fool.
c0000226
Have you all learned nothing?
c0000227
Must you repeat
the mistakes of your past?
c0000228
[ISKA]
Why this?
c0000229
When did it happen?
c0000230
How was our course
of fate disrupted?
c0000231
Our factions are enemies,
c0000232
but I thought
we had a connection
c0000233
that transcended our titles.
c0000234
[ice crackling]
c0000235
-[grunts]
-[ice shatters]
c0000236
Hey!
Would ya listen to me!
c0000237
I'm not here
to fight with you,
c0000238
I'm here to save Sisbell!
c0000239
I don't wanna hear it!
c0000240
I can't trust you.
c0000241
You Imperials have
c0000242
breached the point
of no return!
c0000243
[sobs]
c0000244
This war will rage on.
c0000245
Unless one side meets
their end!
c0000246
You say that,
but do you really believe it?
c0000247
[ALICE] It's what
the Sovereignty wants.
c0000248
This whole ordeal
has spiraled out of my control.
c0000249
Attack me like
you're trying to kill me,
c0000250
don't you dare hold back,
Iska!
c0000251
-Alice!
-[ground cracking]
c0000252
The ground!
c0000253
[shattering]
c0000254
Mirrors of ice?
c0000255
[ISKA] Will she attack me
with the ice?
c0000256
Or trap me?
c0000257
No, something's off.
c0000258
Why all the reflections of me?
c0000259
Should I break them,
one by one?
c0000260
Ice Calamity, Rippling Light
in the Vast Dust!
c0000261
♪
c0000262
Huh?
c0000263
[ISKA]
So that's what they're for!
c0000264
♪
c0000265
[ALICE]
As always...
c0000266
Your instincts are super-human.
c0000267
If I attacked them,
that would've been my end.
c0000268
[ALICE]
That's right.
c0000269
And knowing you,
c0000270
I thought destroying
those would be
c0000271
your first priority.
c0000272
That was the trap I set.
c0000273
Sounds like
it was specially designed
c0000274
to counter me.
c0000275
That's because
it was, obviously.
c0000276
It wouldn't work
on anyone else.
c0000277
You'll really do
whatever it takes to win, huh?
c0000278
Come at me
with everything you've got.
c0000279
-Right now.
-[wind gusting]
c0000280
Just like our battle
in the Nelka Forest.
c0000281
Don't hold back.
c0000282
Let's go.
c0000283
You're nothing but a nameless
c0000284
Imperial swordsman to me now.
c0000285
[ISKA] [sighs]
Sisbell is in danger,
c0000286
I have to save her.
c0000287
I'm happy to spar it out
and resolve our problems.
c0000288
But does it have
to be right now?
c0000289
[grunts]
c0000290
I need to get through!
c0000291
There's only one way,
and you're blocking it!
c0000292
if you wanna get through,
you'll have to strike me down!
c0000293
-[ISKA] Oh, crap!
-[ALICE] Great Ice Calamity!
c0000294
[grunts]
c0000295
[ALICE]
I knew you'd dodge it.
c0000296
♪
c0000297
[sighs]
c0000298
[ALICE] In the end,
I guess Rin was right.
c0000299
I should have taken
her seriously.
c0000300
She warned me that
one day the biggest threat
c0000301
I'd face would be you.
c0000302
She told me not to open
my heart to you.
c0000303
[ISKA]
I could say the same for you,
c0000304
in terms of threats.
c0000305
♪
c0000306
Hey.
c0000307
Huh.
c0000308
Go ahead, call me a witch.
c0000309
Say it.
c0000310
I'm an enemy
to the Imperial army.
c0000311
So please...
c0000312
if that's what I am to you.
c0000313
Say it.
c0000314
[ISKA] [trembling]
Alice.
c0000315
Your voice is trembling.
c0000316
I'm not interested in those
who put themselves down.
c0000317
[sobs]
c0000318
It's true.
c0000319
Nothing good
comes out of that.
c0000320
I should know.
c0000321
[ALICE]
Don't say it!
c0000322
Not another word!
c0000323
Please stop, don't say
anything nice to me!
c0000324
♪
c0000325
From now on...
c0000326
I need to act
as the princess of Nebulis.
c0000327
[weeping]
It's my duty.
c0000328
I must destroy the Empire.
c0000329
So enough with the niceties.
c0000330
Forget about
everything we had,
c0000331
and just fight me already!
c0000332
Ice Calamity.
c0000333
Thousand Thorn Blizzard!
c0000334
[ISKA]
Don't make me do this!
c0000335
The last thing
I want is to fight you,
c0000336
but I will if I have to!
c0000337
No way I'm going easy
with that look in your eyes!
c0000338
Do your worst, Iska!
c0000339
[battle grunts]
c0000340
From below?
c0000341
[shatters]
c0000342
[grunts]
c0000343
♪
c0000344
Don't hold back.
c0000345
Let's end this.
c0000346
I am done
with prolonging the inevitable.
c0000347
I will curse whatever
cruel fate invited this pain.
c0000348
With my own hands!
c0000349
[SALINGER]
The destiny of stars.
c0000350
That this is a world
you would wish for,
c0000351
is truly perplexing.
c0000352
♪
c0000353
What point is there
to continue witnessing
c0000354
the same mistake repeat itself?
c0000355
[scoffs]
I refuse to watch this.
c0000356
♪
c0000357
[battle grunts]
c0000358
Farewell, Iska!
c0000359
Ice Calamity!
c0000360
That light!
c0000361
Only when I activate
this ability
c0000362
does my astral spirit
leave my body.
c0000363
and transfer itself
to this seed.
c0000364
You're looking
at the manifestation
c0000365
of my astral spirit.
c0000366
[ISKA] That's why
I couldn't pierce it.
c0000367
No more restraints.
c0000368
No more hiding.
c0000369
This is goodbye!
c0000370
[whimpers]
c0000371
♪
c0000372
c0000373
[ISKA]
Did she miss on purpose?
c0000374
No.
c0000375
[ALICE]
What's the matter?
c0000376
Come and fight me
with everything you've got!
c0000377
-You missed. Again.
-[ALICE] Fight back!
c0000378
Please.
Stop.
c0000379
♪
c0000380
Honestly.
c0000381
You could never hurt me.
c0000382
With those eyes.
c0000383
[crying]
c0000384
Listen, Alice.
c0000385
I'm really tired.
c0000386
Aren't you?
c0000387
Fighting out here
won't do us any good,
c0000388
or solve anything.
c0000389
We'll just end up
hurting each other.
c0000390
Understand?
c0000391
Do you think
I want it to be this way?
c0000392
I don't!
c0000393
But I can't forgive
the Imperial army!
c0000394
The army?
This is much bigger than them.
c0000395
Uh?
c0000396
Descendants of the Founder.
c0000397
People who share your blood.
c0000398
One of them is behind all this.
c0000399
It's your sister,
Lady Elletear.
c0000400
No, you're lying.
c0000401
[ISKA]
Sisbell told me herself.
c0000402
Does that make her a liar, too?
c0000403
Of course not!
c0000404
Iska, she's my sister,
and I trust her!
c0000405
But how do you expect me
to believe a word
c0000406
you're saying right now?
c0000407
At first, I blamed Elletear
for betraying her people,
c0000408
but I was wrong.
c0000409
The moment I saw her cut down.
c0000410
I knew it wasn't her.
c0000411
She protected our mother
with her own body.
c0000412
What if something else
is going on here?
c0000413
-Something more?
-How dare you?
c0000414
So her sacrifice
means nothing to you--
c0000415
-Please listen to me!
-[gasps]
c0000416
Think about it, Alice.
c0000417
Hydra reduced your manor
to nothing but rubble,
c0000418
we barely made it out.
c0000419
Talisman, the Vicious Tyrant,
c0000420
fights by enhancing
his combat skills
c0000421
through the astral spirit
of waves.
c0000422
Tell me I'm wrong.
c0000423
What I'm saying adds up.
c0000424
It does.
c0000425
[ISKA]
But?
c0000426
[ALICE]
That doesn't change the fact
c0000427
that I still can't trust you.
c0000428
Besides, who's to say you
c0000429
or someone else from the army
c0000430
didn't research
Lord Talisman's astral spirit
c0000431
before you encountered him?
c0000432
Even if you're telling me
the truth,
c0000433
he'll use that as a cover story
if he's cornered.
c0000434
I just can't trust the words
of an Imperial swordsman.
c0000435
Not when this same man
couldn't protect my sister.
c0000436
-Hmm.
-For so long,
c0000437
I have dreamed of measuring
my strength against yours.
c0000438
And now, that day is here,
c0000439
and all I want
is anything but this.
c0000440
Please, there has to be
something I'm missing.
c0000441
Wait.
c0000442
Iska, your wrist.
c0000443
Hm?
c0000444
It's glowing.
c0000445
[ALICE]
No way.
c0000446
[ALICE] It's small, but
it's definitely an astral glow.
c0000447
I didn't notice it
before during the fight,
c0000448
but since mine has dimmed,
it stands out so much.
c0000449
Look, it's resonance!
c0000450
Yumilecia.
c0000451
Did you-did you do
anything to her?
c0000452
Like fight?
c0000453
Didn't lay a hand on her.
c0000454
I swear to you.
c0000455
[ALICE]
That's not what I meant.
c0000456
Her astral spirit can
leave behind a message.
c0000457
A message?
c0000458
She can inscribe
with a single touch.
c0000459
Leaving the messenger
completely unaware if needed.
c0000460
Hmm.
c0000461
If I fail you, you have
my permission to kill me.
c0000462
[ALICE]
Iska.
c0000463
Let me unseal it.
c0000464
That's all.
c0000465
Thanks.
c0000466
It activates
for the receiver with a touch.
c0000467
[YUMILECIA]
Reporting.
c0000468
We servants
of the royal family
c0000469
hereby pledge that
this spirit reflects the truth.
c0000470
The Empire isn't the only one
c0000471
behind the Imperial
army's invasion.
c0000472
The mastermind behind
the coup is the Hydras.
c0000473
Their head, Talisman,
ambushed our manor
c0000474
under the guise of mages
dressed as Imperials.
c0000475
The soldier in charge
of protecting Lady Sisbell
c0000476
defended our lives,
c0000477
and is attempting
to safely recover her.
c0000478
Please, show the four soldiers
your kindness and compassion.
c0000479
That settles it.
c0000480
Looks like the princess
was deceived.
c0000481
And you were right, all along.
c0000482
[crying]
What is wrong with me?
c0000483
I'm so sorry, Iska!
c0000484
All I wanted
was to protect my family!
c0000485
To do right by everyone!
c0000486
This is my fault!
c0000487
I did such a horrible
thing to you!
c0000488
[ISKA]
Stand up, Alice.
c0000489
Do you think I traveled
all the way here
c0000490
to decide the future
of the Sovereignty?
c0000491
No.
c0000492
I'm here to protect Sisbell,
c0000493
and she's counting on me.
c0000494
What, are you gonna
sit here all night?
c0000495
Cry?
Then, I'm leaving.
c0000496
[ALICE]
You're unbelievable.
c0000497
Here I am,
pouring my heart out to you.
c0000498
And you can't think
of one nice thing to say to me?
c0000499
Did it cross your mind
to offer a hand?
c0000500
The Empire can be so uncivil!
c0000501
You're free to be
disappointed, but...
c0000502
Thank you.
c0000503
c0000504
For refusing to treat me
any differently.
c0000505
Words can't describe
how happy I am.
c0000506
That you still see me
as your equal and your rival.
c0000507
[ISKA]
Alice?
c0000508
[chuckles]
c0000509
I am sincere.
c0000510
I'm sorry.
c0000511
♪
c0000512
Even so...
c0000513
I resent the army
for the chaos
c0000514
caused at the manor.
c0000515
As for that Saint Disciple,
he'll pay dearly.
c0000516
So mark my words.
c0000517
My rage will never be
yours to bear again.
c0000518
I'll go after the Hydras.
c0000519
You shelter somewhere safe
with the servants.
c0000520
[sirens wailing in distance]
c0000521
That sounds like the med team.
c0000522
Go, quickly.
c0000523
On it.
c0000524
-[ALICE] Hey.
-Hm?
c0000525
So, you're not
the worst guy I could like.
c0000526
Huh?
c0000527
Ugh!
Hang on!
c0000528
Don't get the wrong idea!
c0000529
When I say, "like"
I mean "like as a rival!"
c0000530
So, quit staring at me already!
c0000531
I am being
so serious right now!
c0000532
Well, you could've fooled me!
c0000533
♪
c0000534
[sighs]
c0000535
Funny.
c0000536
For a second, I thought
c0000537
you had a new trap
up your sleeve.
c0000538
Wait, what are you implying?
c0000539
If you were waiting
for me to seduce you,
c0000540
then think again, creep!
c0000541
Ugh.
Whatever.
c0000542
Get out of my sight.
c0000543
Bye, then!
c0000544
Consider yourself lucky, Iska.
c0000545
You're off the hook.
c0000546
But next time, we'll
definitely settle the score.
c0000547
So watch out!
c0000548
"Next time," huh?
c0000549
Yeah.
c0000550
[ALICE]
Next time!
c0000551
[GROWLEY] When the sun hides
beneath the cloak of night,
c0000552
the moon stands
sentinel overhead.
c0000553
[laughs]
c0000554
The one who invited
the Imperial army
c0000555
is your master,
Talisman, correct?
c0000556
And he orchestrated
the last attempt
c0000557
on the queen's life.
c0000558
You Hydras skulk
in the shadows
c0000559
until you make your move.
c0000560
Or maybe some things
about this world
c0000561
are better kept
under the radar.
c0000562
[GROWLEY] Does this have to do
with your transformation
c0000563
into that vile creature?
c0000564
-[laughs]
-Monster or mage,
c0000565
it matters little to me
what form you take.
c0000566
You will not scuttle away
from my sight.
c0000567
As thrilling as that sounds,
I'm busy.
c0000568
So call me
when I'm not playing
c0000569
babysitter, ya old geezer.
c0000570
Here, I'll toss you
to someone else
c0000571
who's dying to play.
c0000572
A big, bad, witch,
all to yourself.
c0000573
-[creepy laughter]
-What?
c0000574
[creepy laughter]
c0000575
Have fun, old man.
c0000576
[wind gusting]
c0000577
[GROWLEY] I feel you lurking,
demonic fiend.
c0000578
Show yourself!
c0000579
[creepy laughter]
c0000580
Are you truly a witch?
c0000581
[SUBJECT E]
Won't you listen now,
c0000582
to the requiem of the stars?
c0000583
[MALE MESSENGER 209A]
The message is as follows.
c0000584
Complete bed rest count one.
c0000585
Queen Millavair
Lou Nebulis VIII.
c0000586
No life-threatening injuries,
c0000587
Missing persons count, three.
c0000588
The Head of Zoa, Growley.
c0000589
Whereabouts unknown.
c0000590
Currently seeking
any witnesses.
c0000591
The First Princess of Lou,
Elletear.
c0000592
Kidnapped by the Imperial army.
c0000593
The Third Princess of Lou,
Sisbell.
c0000594
Kidnapped by the Imperial army
at the Lou's manor.
c0000595
[gasps]
c0000596
Wait.
What happened, where am I?
c0000597
Iska?
c0000598
Captain Mismis?
c0000599
Nene?
c0000600
Jhin?
c0000601
No one's here.
c0000602
Last thing I remember
is being in the manor,
c0000603
which means...
c0000604
Those Hydras kidnapped me!
c0000605
Do they seriously believe
this'll break me?
c0000606
[SISBELL]
Nice try.
c0000607
But I won't break.
c0000608
I can't!
c0000609
If I don't believe in them,
then who else will?
c0000610
Astral spirits
that guide this planet.
c0000611
Please, hear my prayer.
c0000612
Let my voice reach
through to their hearts!